Test Plan
    1.Filename completion and command history
        In this part, I tested correct command and incorrect command. both types of commands are
        recorded properly. The TAB key should complete the file name,the use of arrow keys to
        access the history of commands typed in by the user.
    2. Normal command execution
        system command with arguments or without arguments should be both tested. Also incorrect
        command should be test to see what is output of the myshell.
    3.Handling empty commands
        test empty commands by just press ENTER key to see if myshell shows another prompt.
    4. Handing EOF
        user type ctrl-c and ctrl-d to see the behavior of the shell.
    5. Exit command
        exit command is build in command that should terminates the shell normall.
    6. change directory command
        Test if cd command without any arguments shoudl change the working directory to the user
        's home directory;
        Test if cd .. command should go one upper level directory;
        Test if cd ./ stays in current dirctory;
        Test if cd ./dicxxx/dicxxx goes to proper directory
    7. Prompt 
        prompt should be current directory with "myshell>"
    8. Show version
        Test if the version number matches current git version
    9. Background jobs
        if command with & , the shell should send the job to the background and immediatly return a
        new prompt. 
        & sign could attach to the end of command or without attach it. If there are blanks between
        command and & or blanks after &, jobs still could be parsed correctly.
    10. Job List
         Job list should be add to the linked list provided by the p0, each time, a background job
         added, on the screen it should show the job number, process-id, and command with &.
    11. Job Control
        Test background jobs by using sleep xxx& and some immediate job like ls to see if it could
        report that job finished.
    12. Jobs command
         Jobs command is a build-in command. It should show all finished jobs or on going jobs. By
         enter second jobs command, finished jobs should be removed from linked list since it has
         been reported by last jobs command;
         If all background jobs finish and user inputs a new job, that job number should start from
         1; 
         all background jobs should in orinigal order;

    13. Valgrind test
         check if there is any memory leak.

